feat(treesitter): add query_linter from nvim-treesitter/playground (#22784)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/filetype.txt

	let g:python_recommended_style = 0

QUERY					                *ft-query-plugin*

By default enables lints tree-sitter query for installed parsers using

> |lua-treesitter-query_linter|. Query linting can be disabled using >
> 
> 	:let g:query_lint_on = []

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|vim.treesitter.query_linter_lint()|. Query linting can be disabled using >lua
	vim.g.query_lint_on = nil
```

> |lua-treesitter-query_linter|. Query linting can be disabled using >
> 
> 	:let g:query_lint_on = []
> <

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|lua-treesitter-query_linter|. Query linting can be disabled using >lua
	vim.g.query_lint_on = nil
<
```

> The events that trigger linting are by default `BufWrite` and `CursorHold`.

Author: `InsertLeave` causes considerable lag. Please feel free to suggest any autocmd or cmd default configuration

Author: This file is almost sorted alphabetically, almost....

Reviewer: How is `CursorHold` better than `InsertLeave` when the command is laggy?

Reviewer 2: I'd remove `CursorHold`. Either use `BufWrite` or `TextChanged`

Author: The only costly check is loading the queries. Maybe just leave the cheap checks for the first iteration. Any checks that block typing (i.e. InsertLeave, TextChanged) are not possible with the current linter performance now. We could just have `BufWrite`

Reviewer: (`InsertLeave` should not block typing; that's the whole point...)

> Use >
> 
> 	:let g:query_lint_on = ["BufWrite", "InsertLeave"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use >lua
	vim.g.query_lint_on = { 'BufWrite', 'InsertLeave' }
<
```

	let g:python_recommended_style = 0

QUERY					                *ft-query-plugin*

> By default enables lints tree-sitter query for installed parsers using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default enables linting of tree-sitter query for installed parsers using
```

|lua-treesitter-query_linter|. Query linting can be disabled using >lua

> 	vim.g.query_lint_on = {}

Reviewer 3: Does this need to be a global variable? I think we could achieve the same effect with a buffer local variable. Users can override it either by creating a `.config/nvim/ftplugin/query.lua` file or `autocmd FileType query let b:lint_on = {}`.

Author: FileType seems to trigger after the filetype plugin

Reviewer 3: A `FileType` autocommand defined in init.vim/init.lua should trigger before any ftplugins. If a user uses `~/.config/nvim/ftplugin/query.lua` instead, that will also run before the bundled ftplugin.

Author: For me `BufReadPre` happens early enough, `BufRead`/`FileType` will not change the filetype when I print in the filetype plugin.

<
The events that trigger linting are by default `InsertLeave`, `CursorHoldI`
and `BufEnter`. To change the events that trigger linting to other events
like `BufWrite` and `BufEnter`, use >vim

> 	autocmd FileType query let b:lint_on = ["BufWrite", "BufEnter"]

Reviewer 2: This doesn't work for me since the `ftplugin` is triggered on `FileType` which will get called before any user ones.

Reviewer 2: I think `b:lint_on` should be `g:query_lint_on`

Reviewer: Aaand we're back full circle...
